# JavaScript Episode 3

In this exercise we're going to design the objects for an on-demand ice cream
delivery platform called Bareed.

The objects have the following properties and methods:

* `Point`:
  * `x` - x coodrinate
  * `y` - y coordinate
  * `distanceTo(point)` - takes a `Point`, calculates the distance to that point
  from the current point

* `Wallet`:
  * `money`
  * `credit(amount)` - adds `amount` to `money`
  * `debit(amount)` - subtracts `amount` from `money`

* `Person`:
  * `name`
  * `location` - a `Point`
  * `wallet` - a `Wallet` initially with 0
  * `moveTo(point)` - moves the person to the new `point`

* `Customer`:
  * `name`
  * `location` - a `Point`
  * `wallet` - a `Wallet` initially with 0
  * `moveTo(point)` - moves the customer to the new `point`
  * `requestIceCreamFrom(vendor, numberOfIceCreams)` - sends a request to
  `vendor` to buy a specific number of ice creams.
  **NOTE**: You will probably have to build the `Vendor` class first before you can get this to work!
  *

## Instructions

#### Tools

* Install `node`:
  ```bash
  $ brew install node
  ```
* Install `yarn`:
  ```bash
  $ brew install yarn --without-node
  ```

#### The Files

**Fork** this repository and clone your fork (make sure you clone it into your `development` directory):

```bash
$ git clone https://github.com/<your_username>/JSEpisode3.git
```

Inside you'll find two `.js` files:

* `bareed.js` - this is the file you'll be editing
* `bareed.spec.js` - this is a testing file. It checks that your `pairs()` function has the features discussed above.   
  **DO NOT EDIT THIS FILE**

#### Running The Tests

Install all the requirements:

  1. Navigate to the project root (you'll find a file called `package.json` there).
  2. Install the requirements using `yarn install`.

Run the tests:

```bash
$ yarn test
```

This command will run the testing file and test your `pairs()` function to make sure it has all the required features.  

You'll know when you're done when your code passes all the tests.
